Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Previously on from... All you fucking do
is knock on our doors.
knock on our fucking windows!
You wanna play games? Come get me!
My blood is your blood
now. motherfucker.
You really did it. You killed one of them.
All this time. I thought
the children were
trying to scare me. but...
What if they're just asking for my help?
So Victor said his mother
wanted to rescue the children
locked in the tower.
I'm sorry. This is the only way.
Are you deaf? I said. get the...
where did you get that?
You're Victor's father.
My wife. Miranda. started seeing things.
She said it was like
she'd been chosen to free the children.
But there's a town up ahead!
You just need to keep
going forward! Please!
Victor.
I didn't know how to get home.
The boy in white was
trying to tell Christopher
that to save the children.
he would have to go through the tree.
Christopher wouldn't go through the tree.
so I told my mother
what the boy in white said.
It was my fault.
I was the reason that she died.
She was trying to protect you.
That's my job now.
We thought you were dead.
Your children thought you were dead.
You owe it to your kids to be here now.
This place wants us to be scared.
How we take care of each other
and how we always do our best.
that's what matters.
- You're not pregnant.
- I am pregnant!
I can feel it!
I'm not eating garbage
because I'm afraid!
It's making me!
Whatever is inside
me. it's getting stronger.
Help me. Elgin. I can save all of you.
I can help you go back home.
Elgin. please!
Fatima's baby is going to save all of us.
He's not gonna tell you where she is.
You said that you weren't
gonna let this place break you.
This place has won.
What the fuck are you doing?
Boyd doesn't understand
how far he needs to go.
- Sara...
- she's in the root cellar.
I'm not gonna be blindsided
by this place again.
I need to see it.
Those things that come out at night.
they sacrificed their children.
because it promised them
that they would live forever.
Miranda had visions of this place.
She's the only one who
had a connection to this place
long before she arrived.
It wasn't just Miranda.
When I was a little
girl. I saw this place. too.
Anghkooey.
Remember.
God.
The reason I felt what Miranda felt
is because I was Miranda.
And Jade was Christopher.
We've come back
over and over again
because we failed the first time.
I need some time. honey.
When I walked inside the ruins.
suddenly. I was in a chamber.
I think I was actually there.
You're a story walker.
Someone who can visit chapters
of the story that already happened.
What?
But you can't change them.
Dad! I think this is when it happens!
- Slow down.
- No. no. listen to me!
I need to change the story. dad. please!
That was a hell of a song.
This didn't have to happen. you know.
Knowledge comes with a cost.
Your wife shouldn't
have dug that hole. Jim.
No!
People are such fragile things.
We have to stop meeting like this.
When did you come from this time?
Didn't anyone tell ya?
There's no way to change
a story once it's been told.
Just you and me now. Jim.
I liked you. I really did.
Fuck you.
You always tried so hard.
You carried so much.
It's a terrible shame you won't
get to see what happens next.
Because what happens
next... Is my favorite part.
Would you like to know why?
What do you mean. they
sacrificed their children?
Those things in the woods.
They were people once.
They made a... a bargain
with something horrible.
But I didn't see... I-I couldn't see it. I...
it's okay. It's okay. Hey.
Hey.
Hey. hey. hey. You're okay. You're okay.
We gotta get her out of here.
Baby. we gotta go. all right?
No. Boyd was here. Where's Boyd?
- I'll find him. Go! Come on.
- We can't leave without him.
Fatima. we have to go! Come on.
- Ellis!
- Please.
- No. I'm okay. I can...
- hey.
Hey! Help me. Hey! Hey!
I know. I know.
Hey. you're okay. Come on. Kenny.
But we can't... he's gonna
be okay. He's gonna be okay.
- Come on. baby.
- All right?
We gotta go. We gotta go.
We're gonna be okay. Come on.
It's okay. Come on. I got you.
I got you.
You good?
- Yeah.
- Okay. come on. Let's go.
Boyd?
Boyd!
Shh-shh-shh-shh-shh.
Hey. Hey. Shh.
We gotta get outta here. Okay?
Okay.
We gotta go that way.
Hello. Kenny.
It's nice to see you again.
- No.
- Move. move!
Now! Move! Go. go!
Keep going! Keep going! Move it!
We got it! Keep going!
Come on! Hurry up.
Watch out!
What the fuck?!
- How?! He didn't... -I know.
- We... we burned him!
- I know.
- We fucking burned him!
I know! I know!
My god. How did... how
did he even get... the baby.
What?
The baby.
I watched it grow.
I watched it stand up... And smile.
You're... you're telling me that
Fatima gave birth to that thing?
Is that what you're saying?
Yeah.
- You good?
- Yeah. I'm fine. Can you just...
can you just please
tell me what's going on?
- I will.
- Donna!
Any word from Boyd yet?
People are starting to come back.
- I should go.
- Yeah.
That's probably best.
Donna. what the fuck is going on?
In here.
Jesus.
Hey. Put that down.
She's here to help.
Come... for fuck's sake.
we all know it's not
loaded! Just put it away.
Now go. You got nothing else to do here.
Fine. Then stay.
Elgin.
Elgin?
Kristi's here to help you.
Can you hear me?
I need you to roll over. Okay?
Come on. Come on.
- Just careful. Okay.
- There. Come on.
Okay. now's the part where
you tell me what happened.
Sara took his eye out with a screwdriver.
She had reasons.
- Can you get me a chair?
- Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay. Elgin. can you
take your hand away?
It's okay.
Can you stitch him up?
Yeah. I can do my best.
- Donna. why...
- Let's talk later. - Donna?
Yes! Just hold on. Clara!
Fatima's back.
She and Ellis are coming up the hill.
- Okay. okay.
- What happened?
No. nothing! Nothing! Back out!
- Can I get some ice?
- Yeah. Go!
Yeah.
Boyd! What... what...
Boyd. what are we doing?
Shouldn't... we...
What the fuck is that?
What... what is it? What... Boyd!
Wh...
okay.
Boyd.
Boyd. what the fuck are you doing?!
This is every bullet that we have.
taken from every gun that's
ever come through here.
I just need to make sure...
I just need to make sure
that if push comes to
shove. we have enough.
Enough for what?
Between colony house and town.
how many people we got here right now?
I'm gonna need a headcount. Thanks.
'Kay. whatever it is that
you're doing right now.
you need to stop.
Boyd. you need... you need to stop!
Hey! We had one win. Kenny!
One goddamn victory.
and even that. we couldn't
get one motherfuckin'...
Okay.
What we just saw
down there. that means
there is no way to fight
back against those things.
There is no way. none. to win.
The day may come when
the only thing we get to decide
is how we choose to leave.
We can either let
those things down there
rip us to fuckin' pieces or...
Or...
Right.
I just... Need to make
sure there's enough.
just in case.
Kenny. please.
All right.
Please.
Yep.
Forty-seven.
What?
I did a count when we were
doing interviews about tillie.
We have 47 people.
Forty-seven.
Okay. Let's take the ice away.
You must think I'm a pretty awful person.
I might have at one point. yeah.
And now?
Now I think this place does
bad things to good people.
Okay. I'm just gonna numb
your eye with the spray. okay?
It's gonna feel a bit wet.
It's okay.
Hey.
Can I get your help?
Yeah.
I just need you to hold his head still.
I'm here.
Okay. Put these on.
Can you feel this?
Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Give it a little bit longer.
Okay. So. just hold his neck really still.
Like this?
- Yeah. like that.
- Right there?
- Then tilt it back.
- I got you.
Once the baby was born.
we were supposed to go home.
If Fatima's back. maybe
that means it's done.
Maybe it's... maybe
it's still gonna work out.
Look. Elgin. something here lied to you.
You're not the first
person it's happened to.
and you probably won't be the last.
There's no version of
any of this working out.
All right. You ready to go?
I'm gonna go as fast as I can. all right?
Deep breath. deep
breath. Here. hold this.
I got you. I got you.
Hold this. Elgin. Here.
Squeeze it nice and
tight. okay? Here we go.
Okay.
Okay. You're doing great.
Okay. one more.
You're doing great. Just breathe.
- Okay.
- It's okay.
Okay. Steady again. okay?
Okay. got it.
Good.
It's okay. We got you. I got you. I got you.
You're doing great. You're doing great.
Mom!
Hey. buddy.
Hey.
Where's your father?
He's not back yet.
Wasn't he with you?
Yeah. yeah. no. he was.
We just got separated. I...
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Nothing. honey. Let's... let's go home.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
- The fuck?
- Watch out!
Hey!
Okay. stay with your sister.
Why?
Just stay here.
Fuck.
Stay back. buddy. Stay back.
Shit. Goddamn.
What the... okay... What do we got here?
- All right.
- Careful. Watch the glass.
Okay. Yeah. yeah. yeah. Hey. sir?
- Hey. Okay.
- Jesus.
Can you hear me?
Can you... shh. shh. shh.
You're gonna be okay.
He's got a good strong
pulse. so that's good.
- You're gonna be okay.
- Okay.
Okay. don't move.
don't move! Don't move!
Please help me. Help me. please.
We're gonna get you out.
- Tabitha?
- Is he okay?
It's okay.
Is my dad okay? Is my daddy okay?
My god.
- Is he... is my dad okay?
- Don't move!
You'll be fine. Don't move your neck!
- Okay.
- Don't move your neck!
Okay.
Okay. All right. sir... Hey. you know... hey.
you go to the clinic and tell them
that we need the
ambulance here right now!
- Yeah. okay.
- Okay?
Okay. do me a favor.
Got a shed on the other side
of the bar. Grab some tools.
We might have to take this apart. okay?
- You got it.
- Don't move your neck!
Don't move your neck!
Okay. Relax. breathe.
- What's your name?
- Sophia.
Hey. Sophia. hi.
I'm gonna put this book in between
your face and this piece
of metal right there. okay?
Okay. Okay.
Wait. It's okay.
I just wanna make sure it doesn't cut you
while we get you out. honey.
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
It's gonna be okay. Just
relax. It's gonna be okay.
- Is he gonna okay?
- Yes. he is. Don't move.
Don't move your face. please. honey.
All right. Is she okay?
We need to cut the seat belt.
Sophia.
- Did I hear that right?
- Yes!
- Is that your name?
- Yes.
Okay. Sophia. Sophia.
does anything else hurt?
My neck hurts.
Your neck? Okay. Shh. shh. shh. shh!
Hey. don't... don't move your neck.
Hey. what about your
legs? What about your legs?
Can you move your toes?
- Move your toes.
- Yeah.
You can?
- Okay. Okay.
- Okay.
- Don't worry.
- Dad!
- You're gonna be okay.
- You're gonna be fine.
- Your dad's okay.
Dad! Dad!
- Okay. Okay.
- Dad!
Please. wake up!
- Shh...
- Dad. wake up!
Don't move! Don't move
your face. please. honey!
I want my mom! I want my
mom! I don't wanna be here!
- Okay.
- I want my mom!
- Sophia?
- Yeah?
- We're gonna get you. okay?
- Okay.
We just need you to stay calm. okay?
Okay. but please just
take care of my dad.
We're gonna take care of both of you.
- It's okay.
Your dad is gonna be fine.
We're gonna help both of you. okay?
- It's okay. Stay still.
- Okay? Here we go.
Stay still. Please don't move.
Just breathe. We're gonna be out.
Real easy.
It's gonna be okay. It's gonna be okay.
Just don't move. It's okay. It's okay.
We're almost there. Almost done.
- Okay?
- It's okay.
What happened?
Car crash. We can't get the door open.
There's a driver stuck inside. Come on.
Pull.
- Okay.
- Dad?!
Okay. no. no. just... let
me put my arms around you.
It's gonna be fine. It's gonna be fine.
You're gonna be fine.
You're gonna be totally fine.
You're okay. You're okay.
I'm gonna put my arm around
you. Is that okay? Come on. kiddo.
- Dad!
- He's okay.
Dad! Please!
We'll get him. We'll get him. Here.
You're okay. It's okay. honey.
Stay right there. You got her?
- Yeah. I've got her.
- Okay. here.
- It's okay.
- Take her.
It's okay.
Get back. Get back.
Hey! Stop.
Great. Hey. did you grab the gurney?
Look. we just pulled the daughter out.
The dad is still inside.
He's breathing. got a good pulse.
- Is he talking?
- No. no.
Perfect.
Out of the way. Let us through!
Here we go. Here we go.
You're okay.
Hey. you're okay. We're gonna
take care of your father. okay?
- Hey.
- It's gonna be okay. Hey.
Hi.
- It's Sophia. right?
- Yes. ma'am.
Okay. My name's marielle.
- Are you a doctor?
- I'm a nurse.
Okay.
She has it right here too.
Got it.
Okay. perfect. Yeah.
Okay. can you tell me
anything about the accident?
Was your dad acting strange at all?
Did he say anything?
He... he was...
There was... there
was a tree on the road
and we were trying
to find a way around it
to get back on the highway.
and then he... he just...
he made a sound. and
then he just started shaking.
and then we started
going faster. and then...
you're doing good. You're doing good.
It's okay. It's okay.
I... I-I tried to steer the car.
but he was just moving
so much and thrashing
that I... I couldn't... and
then we just... and then we...
okay. You're good. It's okay. It's okay.
Please. please don't let my daddy die.
No. no. no. It's okay.
I'm gonna give you a second.
Please don't let my daddy
die. I don't want him to die.
It's okay. You need to breathe. It's okay.
We're gonna take care of him.
You guys should use a winch.
Ethan. stay with Victor.
What?
- A winch.
- Can I help?
- Bring it.
- Grab that shit.
Here.
Watch your hands.
Okay. tie this up.
Make sure it's tight. Get the ra... rachet.
Okay. I'm gonna grab the gurney.
Let's go! Let's go!
Yep. We'll take it. We'll take it.
Wait... Wait for me.
All right. Right. Just... get the seat belt.
Yeah. I got it.
Okay. You got him?
Okay. get that on him.
Yup.
- Right here.
- Careful.
- You got him?
- Yeah.
We good?
One. two. three.
All right.
- Good?
- Yeah.
- Let's get it.
- I got it.
Okay.
Yeah. You got it?
All right.
Hey.
- From what his daughter says...
- Right.
I think he had a seizure.
I'm not sure what's wrong
with him is actually medical.
What are you talking about?
The day I got here. I watched Elgin
have an unprovoked
seizure right over there.
But. based on what I've been told.
that's not entirely uncommon?
Right. yeah.
Ethan had one the
first night he was here
and Sara had one in the diner.
- Right.
- Wasn't like this.
So. what do we do?
I mean. at this point.
bring him back up to the
clinic and hope he wakes up.
Okay.
Hey. I'm gonna stay
up at the clinic tonight.
Wha... are you sure?
Yeah. It's gonna be a tough night.
and one of us should
be up there with them.
and you need to go see Fatima and Ellis.
- Right. Okay.
- Yeah.
Okay. yeah.
- All right.
- All right. I got the door.
- Okay.
- You okay?
Where do you think they're gonna live?
We'll have to wait and see.
Let's go home. It's gonna be dark soon.
Where's dad?
I don't know. but he'll
be here before dark.
Let's go. Let's go. Come on.
Come on. Let's go. It's okay.
Hope they're okay.
Tabitha.
Jade.
We need to talk.
It's okay. Go. Get inside.
We need to tell people.
Tell them what?
We have no idea what
happened out there.
We don't even know if it's true.
You're gonna stand there
and you're gonna tell me
that didn't feel real to you?
I don't know what I feel.
Sara tried to kill my son
because something
out here convinced her
that if she did that. we could all go home.
I'm sure that felt very real to her.
No. no. no. Hey. wait. wait.
Listen. that was different.
How?
What's easier to believe -
that whatever is keeping us here
put those thoughts in our
heads to torture us. or...
That you and I have
been coming back here
over and over again. for centuries.
trying to save children that
are already dead? I mean...
Listen. We can... we
can go inside. okay?
You. me. Jim. we can pull this...
Jim's not here. Jim's not home.
What are you talking
about? It's almost dark.
I know. I know.
When he's back. I'll talk to him.
Okay.
Hey. we need to talk about
what happened earlier.
- Give me a minute...
- get your fucking hands off me!
Look. it is getting dark.
You can't just be
walking around out here.
Yeah. I'm not going
back in there with you.
that's for goddamn... I
know. I know. I know.
You don't know shit.
You think you're some kind of hero?
You're some martyr who
did what you had to do?
What you did to that kid up there...
You're a fucking monster.
I don't know what you were before.
but that is what you are now.
All you people are fucking monsters.
Sun's about to go down.
You spending the night?
If that's okay.
Yeah. Kristi's upstairs with Fatima now.
She just finished stitching up Elgin's eye.
Right.
We need to talk about
what we're doing with him.
Boyd?
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I...
You should come upstairs with me.
There's something you need to hear.
Okay.
We're all done. You did great.
Am I okay?
Physically. everything looks fine.
Is there anything you
can tell me about the...
- The... -the birth?
- Yeah.
What would you like to know?
About the terrifying woman in
the kimono that held me down
or the thing she pulled out of me
that you told me wasn't there?
Boyd.
Come in.
Hey.
How you doing?
What did you see in the tunnels?
Did you find the woman in the kimono?
I did.
- I'm gonna head out.
- No. stay. Stay.
You should...
You...
You should hear this.
- Okay.
- Dad?
- Yeah.
What's going on? What
happened down there?
So... By the time I caught up to her. the.
the woman with the kimono.
she was in a chamber with those...
those things from the woods. and they...
they were all standing around in a circle.
And she... she was holding the...
She put it in the center
of the... of the room. and...
It started to move.
And then it started to grow.
And it... it kept... growing
until it got big enough...
To stand.
And then. it smiled.
I gave birth to one of them.
No. That's not what he's saying.
Dad. tell her that's... that's...
that's not what you're saying.
This is not just one of them.
It's the one I killed...
That night at the clinic.
Jesus.
Victor? Victor!
What are you doing?
I'm dragging this bed into my room.
I can see that. You wanna tell me why?
It's... well. it's for my dad.
We're gonna be roommates now.
Here. let me help with
that. Sorry about the noise.
It's okay.
It's been a while since
I've had a roommate.
- I'm sure you'll figure it out.
- Yeah.
Look. Listen. Look at me. Now...
Boyd. are you sure it was the same one?
Yeah.
Look. if Kenny hadn't been there.
if he hadn't seen it as well.
I'd have thought I'd lost my mind.
But he said you said something after.
something important.
I-I sa...
about something promising
them that they'd live forever.
It was just a glimpse.
but... I saw what they did.
Okay.
Those things in the woods.
I think I saw how they
became what they are.
They made a bargain
because something promised
them that they would live...
Forever.
A bargain. With... with what?
I don't... I don't know.
Fatima...
I don't... what... I don't
know! I-I couldn't see it.
Look. look. Listen. listen. listen to me.
I know that you have been through a lot.
but this is important.
You think I don't know that?
I'm not... I'm the one that...
- I need a shower.
- Hey. whoa. Hey. easy.
- I need a fucking shower.
- Baby. no. You need rest.
- Fatima. hold on.
- Fatima. don't.
- You just need to rest...
- no! I need a shower!
I told you!
I told all of you that there
was something inside me.
something that...
I begged you to listen!
I don't... I don't understand what I saw.
I don't know why I saw it. I didn't...
there's nothing else I can tell you.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Hey. it's...
Be honest.
what do you think the
chances are he wakes up?
Given how long he's been out for?
It's not even so much if he wakes up.
but what kind of shape
he'll be in if he does.
Yeah.
- Kenny?
- Yeah.
Do you have a phone? I...
I left mine in the car. and I...
I-I need to call my mom.
She's probably worried sick.
Yeah. there's...
There's no... There's no cell service here.
I could just go down the hill. It's okay.
I-I don't mean... I don't
mean here in the clinic.
I'm gonna go.
I... What's going on?
I-I need to call my mom.
I know. I understand. I do.
I... I wish I could...
We need to have a
talk... About this place
and about that tree
that you saw in the road.
Mom.
Where is he?
Why isn't he back yet?
Honey. your father's fine.
It's not like he's late
coming home from work.
Mom. what happened today?
Why won't you talk to me?
No. Julie. no. I-I don't
wanna talk right now.
- Please!
- I can't.
- I can't talk to you.
- I can't talk to you now.
- Stop saying that! Please!
Mom. it's almost dark. He's not home.
Please. why won't you talk...
stop it. Stop yelling at each other.
No. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Is dad dead?
No!
No. honey. No. he's not.
Maybe he didn't realize how late it was.
I don't know.
Maybe he's at the colony house or the rv.
We'll see him tomorrow.
Well. what if we don't?
Well... Do you remember
what dad said to us.
the night that mom went to the bottle tree
and didn't come home?
He said all we have in this
place is what we believe.
So. we have to believe good things.
Right?
Mom came home.
Dad will. too.
So. the monsters. they...
they come every night?
Yeah.
These... these rocks.
they... they protect you?
We call them talismans.
How do they work?
Don't! Don't... Don't
take it off the window.
Sorry.
It's okay. It's just...
They have to be hanging for it to work.
Why?
We... we don't know.
We don't know.
I know how this must all sound.
"The light shines in the darkness."
"and the darkness shall not overcome it."
What is that?
John 1:5.
It means that. god is with us. even here.
I mean. how else can you
explain such a magical thing
to keep the darkness at bay?
Right.
Will you pray with me. Kenny?
I'm not... I'm not really...
I'm not really religious.
That's okay. God still listens.
Please?
Yeah. Yeah. sure.
Lord. please protect us in this dark place.
where evil roams so freely.
Please stand by my daddy's bedside
and let him wake renewed in your love.
And please rest your hand upon
the shoulders of these people.
trapped here in this
place. who have taken us in
and shown us such kindness.
Be with them tonight. o lord.
and let your love give them rest.
This we ask in your name. Amen.
Amen.
I'm gonna go sit with my
daddy now. if that's okay.
Yeah. Of course.
There are a lot of
people wanting to know
what happened down there.
Boyd?
You hear what I said?
We had another car today.
A girl and her dad.
Looked like a... Like a pastor. maybe.
He had a... he had a stroke...
or a seizure or something.
They crashed into the sheriff's station.
The girl can't be more
than I don't know. 15.
16 years old. She's...
She's up at the clinic right now.
waiting to see if her dad
lives through the night.
while Kenny explains to her
that whatever life she
had before... Is over.
that. now. she lives in a
place where monsters smile.
That girl's probably gonna die here.
- Boyd!
- You know.
the only thing that gets
me out of bed in the morning
is the idea that...
Maybe. just... just maybe.
we can beat this place.
that maybe we can get everybody home.
that. someday. maybe
the good guys actually win!
And then I saw that
fucking thing in the tunnels!
The same goddamn smile...
that same... And I realized...
I mean. this place has
been three steps ahead of us
from the beginning!
Just like you said. the game's rigged.
Doesn't matter what we do.
Doesn't matter what we sacrifice.
None of it means a
goddamn thing if we can't...
hey. where you going?
I am not going anywhere.
None of us are.
Okay. no. fuck this.
Get out of my way. kristi!
No. no. You don't get to do this.
It's a pretty shit time for you
to start feeling sorry for yourself.
Is that what I'm doing?
Yeah. you are!
And you have plenty of reasons to.
So does everybody else
here. But none of those people
are asking me to stitch
up people's eye sockets.
so I'm gonna need a little more from you
than "these monsters live forever".
"so we're all gonna die."
Because it doesn't
matter how many people
I stitch back up together.
if they see you lose faith.
then that's when people start
hanging themselves in the bathroom.
Can you guys give us a second?
Yeah.
Let's go.
Kristi's right. dad.
Look. no matter what happens.
you are the one person
that nobody here can see...
- Dad!
- I can't do it anymore.
Ellis. I can't!
I'm falling apart!
Everything I've done.
every sacrifice we've made.
and if... if I can't get you home.
then none of it matters! Your mom?!
Your mom?!
It's...
Fuck. it can't be for nothing!
I just... I... I can't
fucking... I cannot... Any...
God.
I know.
What was that?
I don't know.
Mom?
What's happening?
Wake up.
That's better.
Blink twice if you can hear me.
I know this must be
very confusing for you.
But it's important you understand
that you played a very special
role in a very important story.
You see... I couldn't've
come to them as I was.
Not with everything they learned.
What's happening to you isn't fair.
Are you all right?
I'm lost.
Me too.
Would you like a ride?
When you stopped for me.
I know you did so with
kindness in your heart.
You must be so afraid.
I'm sorry you won't be
here to see what comes next.
It's always my favorite part.
It's the part I wish could last forever.
Would you like to know why?
This is when they tear themselves apart.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm